I see.
Is the whereabouts of his mother
Exactly.
We're going to risk it and call it back.
I see.
The UFC organizing committee sent a message online saying
You can go to the competition.
If you win, you can enter the UFC on April 14th.
Fighting Ultimate Championship
Oh, really?
I was finally rehabilitated, our husband said
You can go to the competition.
But you can't tell Yanziji.
The news that you are here
Come back immediately after participating in the game
We'll tell you who your mother is in this life
So
The real boss behind the scenes is Lawrence of the United States
That's right, Lin Wenli was forced to fight a few black punches
It's all Lawrence
It's just where Li Huantao is
This Lawrence is the big man of the American underground black fist
It is a leading figure in the global market
I didn't expect this Liu Hongtao to have a relationship with him
Then you send people to keep an eye on Liu Hongtao and Yang Tong
Be sure to find Lele
Ok, I'll do it.